I started by learning how to install dot_env in python and how one create .venv enviornment by using "source .venv/bin/activate".

1. For day 1-2, I made notes on different terminologies like:
   * "chat.completions.create()" role as packing, authenticating and unpacking agent for the call.
   * "Tokens" and "Response object" : Understand the importance of token (3/4 of a word) and why long prompt are not considered good as they exhaust tokens. Also, how response contains the data sent by the AI. It consists of choices, a pydantic model which contains all the information like tokens,cause of response finish, index of the responce, and messages. It also contains the information like which model you are talking to if you choose any free model available at the time of response generation.
   * Importance of System prompt : How the prompt helps to guide the flow of the conversation, quality of the response and the context to the overall conversation.
   * Longer chat history problem : Analysed the difficulty of sending a lot of information regarding the older chats and exhausting the tokens limits, which maximize the error chances. Searched the ways to tackle the problem elegantly.

2. "build1.py" : For this pretty much was covered in Day 1 as I explored the terminologies. 

3. "build2.py" : Here, the notes I made helped me a lot to guide through the problem set very easily. As I have covered the   various terms in notes, the task was easy to do afterwards.

4. "ChatBot.py" : For the final task, it was basically the sum of build 1 and build2. Also, since I had already explored the problem of longer chat history in day 1-2 period, it made me think of a pretty much straight forward solution of summarize the previous chat history into an AI readable computer language to make the summarize window fast. 


Problems Faced: 

1. During setup of the environment on day 1, the environment was installed but the terminal was continuously showing the errors, which were likely due to not in the same folder or older version of python and the .venv not activated.

2. Tackling the error chats, say the bad or irrelevent responses generated by the AI model due to traffic on the model while generating the response requested.